00:00:00,160 --> 00:00:01,829
I'm about to show you how to give your
I'm about to show you how to give your open claw superpowers. You need to build
open claw superpowers. You need to build
open claw superpowers. You need to build a mission control inside your Open Claw.
a mission control inside your Open Claw.
a mission control inside your Open Claw. And in this video, I'll show you how to
And in this video, I'll show you how to
And in this video, I'll show you how to do it in just a couple of prompts.
do it in just a couple of prompts.
do it in just a couple of prompts. Mission control is a custom dashboard
Mission control is a custom dashboard
Mission control is a custom dashboard for your OpenClaw that allows it to
for your OpenClaw that allows it to
for your OpenClaw that allows it to build any tool it needs on the fly. In
build any tool it needs on the fly. In
build any tool it needs on the fly. In this video, I'll take you through my
this video, I'll take you through my
this video, I'll take you through my entire mission control setup, every tool
entire mission control setup, every tool
entire mission control setup, every tool I use, and show you how to set up your
I use, and show you how to set up your
I use, and show you how to set up your own in just a couple of prompts. Zero
own in just a couple of prompts. Zero
own in just a couple of prompts. Zero programming experience needed, zero
programming experience needed, zero
programming experience needed, zero technical experience needed. If you
technical experience needed. If you
technical experience needed. If you stick with me until the end, I promise
stick with me until the end, I promise
stick with me until the end, I promise your open claw is going to be a hundred
your open claw is going to be a hundred
your open claw is going to be a hundred times more powerful no matter who you
times more powerful no matter who you
times more powerful no matter who you are. Let's get into it. If you're
are. Let's get into it. If you're
are. Let's get into it. If you're wondering about the different
wondering about the different
wondering about the different background, I'm reporting in straight
background, I'm reporting in straight
background, I'm reporting in straight from Shabuya. I'm going to take you
from Shabuya. I'm going to take you
from Shabuya. I'm going to take you through every critical mission control
through every critical mission control
through every critical mission control tool I have. This is my mission control.
tool I have. This is my mission control.
tool I have. This is my mission control. I truly believe everyone, no matter who
I truly believe everyone, no matter who
I truly believe everyone, no matter who you are, if you are using Open Claw, you
you are, if you are using Open Claw, you
you are, if you are using Open Claw, you need to be using mission control. This
need to be using mission control. This
need to be using mission control. This makes it so much better and also just a
makes it so much better and also just a
makes it so much better and also just a lot more fun to use. This is completely
lot more fun to use. This is completely
lot more fun to use. This is completely custom. This is a completely custom
custom. This is a completely custom
custom. This is a completely custom dashboard. All the tools you see on the
dashboard. All the tools you see on the
dashboard. All the tools you see on the lefth hand side were all built by my
lefth hand side were all built by my
lefth hand side were all built by my open claw. Nothing is out of the box.
open claw. Nothing is out of the box.
open claw. Nothing is out of the box. Nothing was downloaded from the web. All
Nothing was downloaded from the web. All
Nothing was downloaded from the web. All custom built and I didn't write a single
custom built and I didn't write a single
custom built and I didn't write a single line of code. The open claw made all of
line of code. The open claw made all of
line of code. The open claw made all of it. So here's what I'm going to do. I'm
it. So here's what I'm going to do. I'm
it. So here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to take you through every mission
going to take you through every mission
going to take you through every mission control tool. You need to have your open
control tool. You need to have your open
control tool. You need to have your open claw build. These will be relevant to
claw build. These will be relevant to
claw build. These will be relevant to everyone. I'm not going to go through
everyone. I'm not going to go through
everyone. I'm not going to go through every tool on the lefth hand side. Some
every tool on the lefth hand side. Some
every tool on the lefth hand side. Some of them are still experimental that I'm
of them are still experimental that I'm
of them are still experimental that I'm building out. We'll do follow-up videos
building out. We'll do follow-up videos
building out. We'll do follow-up videos with those. But the ones that work that
with those. But the ones that work that
with those. But the ones that work that are great and everyone should have them,
are great and everyone should have them,
are great and everyone should have them, I'm about to show you. And these were
I'm about to show you. And these were
I'm about to show you. And these were all built simply from me going to my
all built simply from me going to my
all built simply from me going to my open claw and saying, "Hey, build me out
open claw and saying, "Hey, build me out
open claw and saying, "Hey, build me out a tool in my mission control that does
a tool in my mission control that does
a tool in my mission control that does this or build me out a tool in my
this or build me out a tool in my
this or build me out a tool in my mission control that shows my calendar
mission control that shows my calendar
mission control that shows my calendar or shows me what tasks I'm working on."
or shows me what tasks I'm working on."
or shows me what tasks I'm working on." Just one simple prompt and it was all
Just one simple prompt and it was all
Just one simple prompt and it was all built. If you'd like to build this out
built. If you'd like to build this out
built. If you'd like to build this out side by side with me as I go through all
side by side with me as I go through all
side by side with me as I go through all my tools, feel free to pause right now.
my tools, feel free to pause right now.
my tools, feel free to pause right now. go to your OpenClaw and say, "Hey, I
go to your OpenClaw and say, "Hey, I
go to your OpenClaw and say, "Hey, I want my own mission control where we can
want my own mission control where we can
want my own mission control where we can build custom tools. Please build it in
build custom tools. Please build it in
build custom tools. Please build it in Nex.js and host it on the local host."
Nex.js and host it on the local host."
Nex.js and host it on the local host." Once you do that, it will build a
Once you do that, it will build a
Once you do that, it will build a template. You can also say make it a
template. You can also say make it a
template. You can also say make it a clean interface that looks like linear
clean interface that looks like linear
clean interface that looks like linear and you'll get a mission control that's
and you'll get a mission control that's
and you'll get a mission control that's as beautiful as this. So, let's go into
as beautiful as this. So, let's go into
as beautiful as this. So, let's go into it. Let's go into all the critical tools
it. Let's go into all the critical tools
it. Let's go into all the critical tools you need in your mission control. As you
you need in your mission control. As you
you need in your mission control. As you go, feel free to pause and describe each
go, feel free to pause and describe each
go, feel free to pause and describe each tool and your open claw will do it. So,
tool and your open claw will do it. So,
tool and your open claw will do it. So, I want to start off on the task board. I
I want to start off on the task board. I
I want to start off on the task board. I think this is a critical critical tool.
think this is a critical critical tool.
think this is a critical critical tool. This taskboard makes it so easy for me
This taskboard makes it so easy for me
This taskboard makes it so easy for me to track everything my Open Claw is
to track everything my Open Claw is
to track everything my Open Claw is doing. I can see what Henry's working
doing. I can see what Henry's working
doing. I can see what Henry's working on. I can see what Henry's sub agents
on. I can see what Henry's sub agents
on. I can see what Henry's sub agents are working on. I'm always on top of
are working on. I'm always on top of
are working on. I'm always on top of what they're doing. This solves a lot of
what they're doing. This solves a lot of
what they're doing. This solves a lot of problems. This solves the biggest
problems. This solves the biggest
problems. This solves the biggest problem where people go, "Oh, I don't
problem where people go, "Oh, I don't
problem where people go, "Oh, I don't know what my open claw is doing. I don't
know what my open claw is doing. I don't
know what my open claw is doing. I don't know what it completed. I don't know if
know what it completed. I don't know if
know what it completed. I don't know if it's halfway done tasks." You don't have
it's halfway done tasks." You don't have
it's halfway done tasks." You don't have visibility into what your open claw did.
visibility into what your open claw did.
visibility into what your open claw did. Now, with this task board, you know
Now, with this task board, you know
Now, with this task board, you know everything your open claw is doing and
everything your open claw is doing and
everything your open claw is doing and what it's accomplished. So you can see
what it's accomplished. So you can see
what it's accomplished. So you can see here it is a simple cananband board
here it is a simple cananband board
here it is a simple cananband board where every task is on here is assigned
where every task is on here is assigned
where every task is on here is assigned to either me or Henry. You can see the A
to either me or Henry. You can see the A
to either me or Henry. You can see the A is for me, the H is for Henry. It shows
is for me, the H is for Henry. It shows
is for me, the H is for Henry. It shows a description of the task and really
a description of the task and really
a description of the task and really important is over on the left hand side
important is over on the left hand side
important is over on the left hand side is a live activity feed which allows me
is a live activity feed which allows me
is a live activity feed which allows me to see every single thing Henry is doing
to see every single thing Henry is doing
to see every single thing Henry is doing in detail. So this just allows me to
in detail. So this just allows me to
in detail. So this just allows me to confirm Henry is doing the work he's
confirm Henry is doing the work he's
confirm Henry is doing the work he's saying he's doing. As Henry does the
saying he's doing. As Henry does the
saying he's doing. As Henry does the work, he moves the tasks over on the
work, he moves the tasks over on the
work, he moves the tasks over on the board towards the right until it's done.
board towards the right until it's done.
board towards the right until it's done. Anything that needs to be reviewed by me
Anything that needs to be reviewed by me
Anything that needs to be reviewed by me is right in review and I can go and just
is right in review and I can go and just
is right in review and I can go and just approve it. Just a great way to manage
approve it. Just a great way to manage
approve it. Just a great way to manage and track everything your open claw
and track everything your open claw
and track everything your open claw does. If you need to add new tasks, you
does. If you need to add new tasks, you
does. If you need to add new tasks, you can hit new task and if you assign it to
can hit new task and if you assign it to
can hit new task and if you assign it to Henry or your openclaw, your open claw
Henry or your openclaw, your open claw
Henry or your openclaw, your open claw will automatically find that and do the
will automatically find that and do the
will automatically find that and do the task for you. What I did was I asked my
task for you. What I did was I asked my
task for you. What I did was I asked my openclaw that in every heartbeat check
openclaw that in every heartbeat check
openclaw that in every heartbeat check our task board, see if any tasks are
our task board, see if any tasks are
our task board, see if any tasks are assigned to my openclaw in the backlog
assigned to my openclaw in the backlog
assigned to my openclaw in the backlog and then do any tasks that are assigned
and then do any tasks that are assigned
and then do any tasks that are assigned to them. So, every heartbeat is checking
to them. So, every heartbeat is checking
to them. So, every heartbeat is checking this task board to see if any tasks are
this task board to see if any tasks are
this task board to see if any tasks are assigned and getting it done
assigned and getting it done
assigned and getting it done autonomously. This increased my
autonomously. This increased my
autonomously. This increased my efficiency and also just keeps me on top
efficiency and also just keeps me on top
efficiency and also just keeps me on top of whatever Henry is doing. Make sure to
of whatever Henry is doing. Make sure to
of whatever Henry is doing. Make sure to build this task board. Just describe
build this task board. Just describe
build this task board. Just describe what I showed to you and your agent will
what I showed to you and your agent will
what I showed to you and your agent will build it for you. No coding at all. The
build it for you. No coding at all. The
build it for you. No coding at all. The next screen I want to show you is one of
next screen I want to show you is one of
next screen I want to show you is one of the most important ones I'll show you.
the most important ones I'll show you.
the most important ones I'll show you. This is the calendar screen. And the
This is the calendar screen. And the
This is the calendar screen. And the reason why this is so powerful is it
reason why this is so powerful is it
reason why this is so powerful is it shows you what cron jobs and what tasks
shows you what cron jobs and what tasks
shows you what cron jobs and what tasks you have scheduled for your open claw.
you have scheduled for your open claw.
you have scheduled for your open claw. One of the biggest complaints I get
One of the biggest complaints I get
One of the biggest complaints I get about OpenClaw is that it's not
about OpenClaw is that it's not
about OpenClaw is that it's not proactive enough. That it's not doing
proactive enough. That it's not doing
proactive enough. That it's not doing proactive tasks for the users. This
proactive tasks for the users. This
proactive tasks for the users. This allows you to confirm that your OpenClaw
allows you to confirm that your OpenClaw
allows you to confirm that your OpenClaw is being proactive. Whenever you say,
is being proactive. Whenever you say,
is being proactive. Whenever you say, "Hey, do something for me at night. Do
"Hey, do something for me at night. Do
"Hey, do something for me at night. Do something for me every morning. Do
something for me every morning. Do
something for me every morning. Do something productive every afternoon."
something productive every afternoon."
something productive every afternoon." You can come to your calendar screen and
You can come to your calendar screen and
You can come to your calendar screen and see and confirm that your open claw
see and confirm that your open claw
see and confirm that your open claw scheduled those cron jobs to do those
scheduled those cron jobs to do those
scheduled those cron jobs to do those tasks. There's an issue I've been seeing
tasks. There's an issue I've been seeing
tasks. There's an issue I've been seeing with people. Some open clauses, they
with people. Some open clauses, they
with people. Some open clauses, they say, "Hey, I'll do that for you." and
say, "Hey, I'll do that for you." and
say, "Hey, I'll do that for you." and then they never actually do those
then they never actually do those
then they never actually do those things. This calendar is a great way to
things. This calendar is a great way to
things. This calendar is a great way to confirm it. And this also puts you and
confirm it. And this also puts you and
confirm it. And this also puts you and your open claw on the same page where
your open claw on the same page where
your open claw on the same page where you can say after scheduling a task,
you can say after scheduling a task,
you can say after scheduling a task, hey, you said you scheduled a task, but
hey, you said you scheduled a task, but
hey, you said you scheduled a task, but I don't see it on the calendar. Now
I don't see it on the calendar. Now
I don't see it on the calendar. Now you're open go confirm it's on the
you're open go confirm it's on the
you're open go confirm it's on the calendar and make sure it's actually
calendar and make sure it's actually
calendar and make sure it's actually scheduling its own tasks. The more you
scheduling its own tasks. The more you
scheduling its own tasks. The more you use OpenClaw, the more scheduled tasks
use OpenClaw, the more scheduled tasks
use OpenClaw, the more scheduled tasks you'll have. This helps you stay on top
you'll have. This helps you stay on top
you'll have. This helps you stay on top of all of them and make sure your
of all of them and make sure your
of all of them and make sure your OpenClaw is being proactive. ask for it
OpenClaw is being proactive. ask for it
OpenClaw is being proactive. ask for it to build a calendar for you that shows
to build a calendar for you that shows
to build a calendar for you that shows all the crown jobs and scheduled tasks
all the crown jobs and scheduled tasks
all the crown jobs and scheduled tasks it have and you will have an amazing
it have and you will have an amazing
it have and you will have an amazing screen like this. Next is the project
screen like this. Next is the project
screen like this. Next is the project screen. So this is a really good one for
screen. So this is a really good one for
screen. So this is a really good one for tracking every project you're working
tracking every project you're working
tracking every project you're working on. It's very easy to get distracted
on. It's very easy to get distracted
on. It's very easy to get distracted with Open Claw, play around, build
with Open Claw, play around, build
with Open Claw, play around, build things you don't really need and not
things you don't really need and not
things you don't really need and not stay on top of the tasks that actually
stay on top of the tasks that actually
stay on top of the tasks that actually move the ball forward. This project
move the ball forward. This project
move the ball forward. This project screen is good for that. You go in here,
screen is good for that. You go in here,
screen is good for that. You go in here, have your open claw build a project for
have your open claw build a project for
have your open claw build a project for every single major project you have
every single major project you have
every single major project you have going on in your life. And now when you
going on in your life. And now when you
going on in your life. And now when you get scatterbrained, you can come back
get scatterbrained, you can come back
get scatterbrained, you can come back into this project screen. See how close
into this project screen. See how close
into this project screen. See how close you are to completing those projects and
you are to completing those projects and
you are to completing those projects and go and pay attention to the ones that
go and pay attention to the ones that
go and pay attention to the ones that maybe you haven't worked on in a while.
maybe you haven't worked on in a while.
maybe you haven't worked on in a while. Right? If I'm looking at this, I might
Right? If I'm looking at this, I might
Right? If I'm looking at this, I might want to go, okay, I want to build out
want to go, okay, I want to build out
want to go, okay, I want to build out the AI extension for my school. By the
the AI extension for my school. By the
the AI extension for my school. By the way, Vibe Coding Academy live boot camps
way, Vibe Coding Academy live boot camps
way, Vibe Coding Academy live boot camps every single Friday in that. Sign up for
every single Friday in that. Sign up for
every single Friday in that. Sign up for that down below. I did an entire
that down below. I did an entire
that down below. I did an entire two-hour boot camp on this mission
two-hour boot camp on this mission
two-hour boot camp on this mission control. You get instant access to that.
control. You get instant access to that.
control. You get instant access to that. Anyway, the project screen, which you
Anyway, the project screen, which you
Anyway, the project screen, which you see here, is just a great way to make
see here, is just a great way to make
see here, is just a great way to make sure every single day you're progressing
sure every single day you're progressing
sure every single day you're progressing on the major high lever tasks you're
on the major high lever tasks you're
on the major high lever tasks you're working on. And what's great is this
working on. And what's great is this
working on. And what's great is this hooks into all my other screens. So, I'm
hooks into all my other screens. So, I'm
hooks into all my other screens. So, I'm about to show you a lot of really cool
about to show you a lot of really cool
about to show you a lot of really cool things in a second when it comes to
things in a second when it comes to
things in a second when it comes to memories and documents, but this allows
memories and documents, but this allows
memories and documents, but this allows you to hook in task, memories, documents
you to hook in task, memories, documents
you to hook in task, memories, documents to every project you're working on. Just
to every project you're working on. Just
to every project you're working on. Just an amazing way to stay organized.
an amazing way to stay organized.
an amazing way to stay organized. And a little bonus tip here, this is a
And a little bonus tip here, this is a
And a little bonus tip here, this is a great way to go and reverse prompt your
great way to go and reverse prompt your
great way to go and reverse prompt your open claw and say something like, "Hey,
open claw and say something like, "Hey,
open claw and say something like, "Hey, what's one task we can do right now that
what's one task we can do right now that
what's one task we can do right now that will help us progress in one of our
will help us progress in one of our
will help us progress in one of our major projects?" And it will come up
major projects?" And it will come up
major projects?" And it will come up with tasks to do that help you advance
with tasks to do that help you advance
with tasks to do that help you advance in these projects. So great reverse
in these projects. So great reverse
in these projects. So great reverse prompting opportunity. I talk about
prompting opportunity. I talk about
prompting opportunity. I talk about reverse prompting all the time, asking
reverse prompting all the time, asking
reverse prompting all the time, asking your open claw questions. Great reverse
your open claw questions. Great reverse
your open claw questions. Great reverse prompting opportunity on this screen,
prompting opportunity on this screen,
prompting opportunity on this screen, too. Have to make a project screen. And
too. Have to make a project screen. And
too. Have to make a project screen. And if you don't know which projects you're
if you don't know which projects you're
if you don't know which projects you're working on, that's fine, too. Go to your
working on, that's fine, too. Go to your
working on, that's fine, too. Go to your openclaw reverse prompt. If you were to
openclaw reverse prompt. If you were to
openclaw reverse prompt. If you were to categorize five projects we're working
categorize five projects we're working
categorize five projects we're working on right now, openclaw, what would you
on right now, openclaw, what would you
on right now, openclaw, what would you say those five projects are? And it will
say those five projects are? And it will
say those five projects are? And it will figure them out for you. You don't even
figure them out for you. You don't even
figure them out for you. You don't even have to think. Whenever you get
have to think. Whenever you get
have to think. Whenever you get confused, reverse prompt. Next is the
confused, reverse prompt. Next is the
confused, reverse prompt. Next is the memory screen. This is a critical
memory screen. This is a critical
memory screen. This is a critical critical tool to implement. One of the
critical tool to implement. One of the
critical tool to implement. One of the best parts about OpenClaw is its memory
best parts about OpenClaw is its memory
best parts about OpenClaw is its memory system. It has an amazing memory system
system. It has an amazing memory system
system. It has an amazing memory system where it remembers basically all your
where it remembers basically all your
where it remembers basically all your conversations from every single day. One
conversations from every single day. One
conversations from every single day. One thing I like to do often is go back and
thing I like to do often is go back and
thing I like to do often is go back and go through those memories almost like a
go through those memories almost like a
go through those memories almost like a journal entry and see what we talked
journal entry and see what we talked
journal entry and see what we talked about on certain days. Or if I'm working
about on certain days. Or if I'm working
about on certain days. Or if I'm working on something and I forget details of
on something and I forget details of
on something and I forget details of past conversations, I can come back and
past conversations, I can come back and
past conversations, I can come back and look at past memories, too. That's all
look at past memories, too. That's all
look at past memories, too. That's all done on this memory screen. Typically,
done on this memory screen. Typically,
done on this memory screen. Typically, your memories are stuck in a unorganized
your memories are stuck in a unorganized
your memories are stuck in a unorganized memories.mmarkdown file that's really
memories.mmarkdown file that's really
memories.mmarkdown file that's really hard to find and read. This makes it
hard to find and read. This makes it
hard to find and read. This makes it really easy to find any past memories,
really easy to find any past memories,
really easy to find any past memories, organize them, and almost read them like
organize them, and almost read them like
organize them, and almost read them like a journal. I can't wait 10 years from
a journal. I can't wait 10 years from
a journal. I can't wait 10 years from now when I can go back, look at what I
now when I can go back, look at what I
now when I can go back, look at what I was talking about with Henry from 10
was talking about with Henry from 10
was talking about with Henry from 10 years ago, see what we're working on,
years ago, see what we're working on,
years ago, see what we're working on, see what we're talking about, and
see what we're talking about, and
see what we're talking about, and basically just use these memories as a
basically just use these memories as a
basically just use these memories as a tracker of my entire life. That's what
tracker of my entire life. That's what
tracker of my entire life. That's what this memory screen allows you to do. So,
this memory screen allows you to do. So,
this memory screen allows you to do. So, what you want to do is you want to go
what you want to do is you want to go
what you want to do is you want to go into your open claw. I want a memory
into your open claw. I want a memory
into your open claw. I want a memory screen in our mission control that
screen in our mission control that
screen in our mission control that allows me to view every memory you have
allows me to view every memory you have
allows me to view every memory you have organized by day. Build that out for me,
organized by day. Build that out for me,
organized by day. Build that out for me, please. and also have a long-term memory
please. and also have a long-term memory
please. and also have a long-term memory document that allows me to see all the
document that allows me to see all the
document that allows me to see all the long-term memories we have as well. This
long-term memories we have as well. This
long-term memories we have as well. This is just great for finding old thoughts
is just great for finding old thoughts
is just great for finding old thoughts and old conversations you were having
and old conversations you were having
and old conversations you were having and seeing what you were talking about
and seeing what you were talking about
and seeing what you were talking about on specific days. It's basically a
on specific days. It's basically a
on specific days. It's basically a record of your entire digital life. It's
record of your entire digital life. It's
record of your entire digital life. It's amazing. Build the memory screen just
amazing. Build the memory screen just
amazing. Build the memory screen just for pure organization sake. This next
for pure organization sake. This next
for pure organization sake. This next screen I'm going to talk about is
screen I'm going to talk about is
screen I'm going to talk about is extremely important. It's very similar
extremely important. It's very similar
extremely important. It's very similar to memories, but equally, if not more
to memories, but equally, if not more
to memories, but equally, if not more important, and that is the doc screen.
important, and that is the doc screen.
important, and that is the doc screen. If you're anything like me, your open
If you're anything like me, your open
If you're anything like me, your open claw is constantly building you docs,
claw is constantly building you docs,
claw is constantly building you docs, planning docs, architecture docs,
planning docs, architecture docs,
planning docs, architecture docs, product requirement docs. It's writing
product requirement docs. It's writing
product requirement docs. It's writing you newsletters. It's writing you
you newsletters. It's writing you
you newsletters. It's writing you content and just writing a whole bunch
content and just writing a whole bunch
content and just writing a whole bunch of things for you. Unfortunately, that
of things for you. Unfortunately, that
of things for you. Unfortunately, that usually lives in your chat. So, if you
usually lives in your chat. So, if you
usually lives in your chat. So, if you want to find an old document, you have
want to find an old document, you have
want to find an old document, you have to scroll back in your chat in your
to scroll back in your chat in your
to scroll back in your chat in your Telegram or Discord for a while, but not
Telegram or Discord for a while, but not
Telegram or Discord for a while, but not with this doc screen. This doc screen is
with this doc screen. This doc screen is
with this doc screen. This doc screen is so so helpful. every doc your open claw
so so helpful. every doc your open claw
so so helpful. every doc your open claw creates goes into this doc screen and
creates goes into this doc screen and
creates goes into this doc screen and allows you to go back and see every
allows you to go back and see every
allows you to go back and see every document it's created in a really nicely
document it's created in a really nicely
document it's created in a really nicely formatted way. So for instance, every
formatted way. So for instance, every
formatted way. So for instance, every Thursday I have my open claw write me my
Thursday I have my open claw write me my
Thursday I have my open claw write me my newsletter I'm going to send out. I
newsletter I'm going to send out. I
newsletter I'm going to send out. I don't just send out straight with
don't just send out straight with
don't just send out straight with whatever my openclaw wrote, but I use it
whatever my openclaw wrote, but I use it
whatever my openclaw wrote, but I use it as a first draft. So when I go back and
as a first draft. So when I go back and
as a first draft. So when I go back and I want to send out my newsletter, I can
I want to send out my newsletter, I can
I want to send out my newsletter, I can go in here. I can search for the draft
go in here. I can search for the draft
go in here. I can search for the draft of the newsletter. I can copy and paste
of the newsletter. I can copy and paste
of the newsletter. I can copy and paste this newsletter draft into Substack,
this newsletter draft into Substack,
this newsletter draft into Substack, edit it myself, and then send it out
edit it myself, and then send it out
edit it myself, and then send it out instead of having to scroll back for 10
instead of having to scroll back for 10
instead of having to scroll back for 10 minutes to find this draft. Everything
minutes to find this draft. Everything
minutes to find this draft. Everything is just stored in this documents tool.
is just stored in this documents tool.
is just stored in this documents tool. And what's great is it automatically
And what's great is it automatically
And what's great is it automatically categorizes it, shows me what formats
categorizes it, shows me what formats
categorizes it, shows me what formats each document is in. It's really
each document is in. It's really
each document is in. It's really organizable. And I can even search. So,
organizable. And I can even search. So,
organizable. And I can even search. So, if I want to see which files have Mac
if I want to see which files have Mac
if I want to see which files have Mac Studio mentioned in it, because I do a
Studio mentioned in it, because I do a
Studio mentioned in it, because I do a bunch of Mac Studio planning with all my
bunch of Mac Studio planning with all my
bunch of Mac Studio planning with all my computers, I can just search for it and
computers, I can just search for it and
computers, I can just search for it and find those documents really, really
find those documents really, really
find those documents really, really easily. Go to your open claw and say, I
easily. Go to your open claw and say, I
easily. Go to your open claw and say, I want a docs tool where I can go back and
want a docs tool where I can go back and
want a docs tool where I can go back and view all the previous documents you
view all the previous documents you
view all the previous documents you created for me in a nicely formatted
created for me in a nicely formatted
created for me in a nicely formatted view. Make it searchable and categorize
view. Make it searchable and categorize
view. Make it searchable and categorize the documents. If you put in that
the documents. If you put in that
the documents. If you put in that prompt, you'll have an amazing documents
prompt, you'll have an amazing documents
prompt, you'll have an amazing documents tool ready to go. I have two more tools
tool ready to go. I have two more tools
tool ready to go. I have two more tools to show you that I'm going to show you
to show you that I'm going to show you
to show you that I'm going to show you how to actually find which custom tools
how to actually find which custom tools
how to actually find which custom tools you need to build for yourself that I
you need to build for yourself that I
you need to build for yourself that I haven't shown here. If you learned
haven't shown here. If you learned
haven't shown here. If you learned anything so far, make sure to leave a
anything so far, make sure to leave a
anything so far, make sure to leave a like down below. Subscribe and turn on
like down below. Subscribe and turn on
like down below. Subscribe and turn on notifications. Every person that turns
notifications. Every person that turns
notifications. Every person that turns on notifications will be another piece
on notifications will be another piece
on notifications will be another piece of sushi I eat here in Japan. This next
of sushi I eat here in Japan. This next
of sushi I eat here in Japan. This next screen is my favorite. I think it is the
screen is my favorite. I think it is the
screen is my favorite. I think it is the most important. It keeps your OpenClaw
most important. It keeps your OpenClaw
most important. It keeps your OpenClaw agent on task with one mission in mind
agent on task with one mission in mind
agent on task with one mission in mind and keeps it organized with all its sub
and keeps it organized with all its sub
and keeps it organized with all its sub agents it's working with and that is the
agents it's working with and that is the
agents it's working with and that is the team screen. This team screen shows me
team screen. This team screen shows me
team screen. This team screen shows me every agent I have spun up, every sub
every agent I have spun up, every sub
every agent I have spun up, every sub aent it uses, what their roles are and
aent it uses, what their roles are and
aent it uses, what their roles are and our mission statement. This is like our
our mission statement. This is like our
our mission statement. This is like our org structure for the digital company
org structure for the digital company
org structure for the digital company we're running. So at the top you can see
we're running. So at the top you can see
we're running. So at the top you can see the main open claw Henry what his role
the main open claw Henry what his role
the main open claw Henry what his role is and then we can see all the other
is and then we can see all the other
is and then we can see all the other open claws and sub aents we've spun up.
open claws and sub aents we've spun up.
open claws and sub aents we've spun up. It shows what devices they're on. It
It shows what devices they're on. It
It shows what devices they're on. It shows what roles they have. Right? I
shows what roles they have. Right? I
shows what roles they have. Right? I have Charlie who's my engineer. This is
have Charlie who's my engineer. This is
have Charlie who's my engineer. This is run by Quen locally on my Mac Studio. We
run by Quen locally on my Mac Studio. We
run by Quen locally on my Mac Studio. We have Ralph. This is powered by Chad GBT.
have Ralph. This is powered by Chad GBT.
have Ralph. This is powered by Chad GBT. We have all the different sub aents. And
We have all the different sub aents. And
We have all the different sub aents. And then we have the lowest level worker
then we have the lowest level worker
then we have the lowest level worker agents. This helps keep my agents
agents. This helps keep my agents
agents. This helps keep my agents organized where they know who to spin up
organized where they know who to spin up
organized where they know who to spin up and who to give work to. Again, another
and who to give work to. Again, another
and who to give work to. Again, another place that's kind of the record of truth
place that's kind of the record of truth
place that's kind of the record of truth where if an agent gets confused or
where if an agent gets confused or
where if an agent gets confused or doesn't remember who should be working
doesn't remember who should be working
doesn't remember who should be working on what, it can go to the team screen,
on what, it can go to the team screen,
on what, it can go to the team screen, say, "Oh, okay. I got to give this to
say, "Oh, okay. I got to give this to
say, "Oh, okay. I got to give this to Charlie for development. I got to give
Charlie for development. I got to give
Charlie for development. I got to give this Violet for research." And it helps
this Violet for research." And it helps
this Violet for research." And it helps keep all your agents organized. By the
keep all your agents organized. By the
keep all your agents organized. By the way, if you want a follow-up video on
way, if you want a follow-up video on
way, if you want a follow-up video on when you should use sub agents versus
when you should use sub agents versus
when you should use sub agents versus open clause, let me know down below. I
open clause, let me know down below. I
open clause, let me know down below. I could make that my next video if there's
could make that my next video if there's
could make that my next video if there's enough demand for that. But a really
enough demand for that. But a really
enough demand for that. But a really important part of the screen as well is
important part of the screen as well is
important part of the screen as well is the mission statement, which I put at
the mission statement, which I put at
the mission statement, which I put at the top here. You should have a mission
the top here. You should have a mission
the top here. You should have a mission statement for your open claw. This is
statement for your open claw. This is
statement for your open claw. This is the mission everyone is working towards
the mission everyone is working towards
the mission everyone is working towards at the same time. This makes it so
at the same time. This makes it so
at the same time. This makes it so whenever your open claws come up with
whenever your open claws come up with
whenever your open claws come up with tasks to work on, they ensure that there
tasks to work on, they ensure that there
tasks to work on, they ensure that there are tasks that bring you closer to your
are tasks that bring you closer to your
are tasks that bring you closer to your goals and ambitions. So for me, my
goals and ambitions. So for me, my
goals and ambitions. So for me, my mission statement is I want to build an
mission statement is I want to build an
mission statement is I want to build an autonomous organization of AI agents
autonomous organization of AI agents
autonomous organization of AI agents that do work for me and produce value
that do work for me and produce value
that do work for me and produce value 247. Everything we do, I want to get
247. Everything we do, I want to get
247. Everything we do, I want to get closer to that. And the best part is is
closer to that. And the best part is is
closer to that. And the best part is is I can use reverse prompting here. So
I can use reverse prompting here. So
I can use reverse prompting here. So when my agents are idle, I can say,
when my agents are idle, I can say,
when my agents are idle, I can say, "What task can we do right now that
"What task can we do right now that
"What task can we do right now that brings us closer to our mission
brings us closer to our mission
brings us closer to our mission statement?" You want a mission statement
statement?" You want a mission statement
statement?" You want a mission statement as well. If you don't know what you're
as well. If you don't know what you're
as well. If you don't know what you're working towards with your open clause,
working towards with your open clause,
working towards with your open clause, reverse prompt based on everything you
reverse prompt based on everything you
reverse prompt based on everything you know about me. What should be our
know about me. What should be our
know about me. What should be our mission statement? That will give you a
mission statement? That will give you a
mission statement? That will give you a mission statement you can work towards
mission statement you can work towards
mission statement you can work towards and it makes it so all the proactive
and it makes it so all the proactive
and it makes it so all the proactive tasks your open clause do brings you
tasks your open clause do brings you
tasks your open clause do brings you closer to that goal. Lastly, I want to
closer to that goal. Lastly, I want to
closer to that goal. Lastly, I want to talk about the office screen. And you
talk about the office screen. And you
talk about the office screen. And you might see this and go, "What the hell is
might see this and go, "What the hell is
might see this and go, "What the hell is this? Do I really need this? Is there
this? Do I really need this? Is there
this? Do I really need this? Is there any point to this?" The answer to all
any point to this?" The answer to all
any point to this?" The answer to all those questions is yes, you do need
those questions is yes, you do need
those questions is yes, you do need this. And there is a point to this. This
this. And there is a point to this. This
this. And there is a point to this. This is a visual that shows me what all my
is a visual that shows me what all my
is a visual that shows me what all my agents are working on. So, as my agents
agents are working on. So, as my agents
agents are working on. So, as my agents work, they'll go to their different
work, they'll go to their different
work, they'll go to their different screens. They'll go to the desk.
screens. They'll go to the desk.
screens. They'll go to the desk. Sometimes they'll even talk to each
Sometimes they'll even talk to each
Sometimes they'll even talk to each other and meet around the water cooler.
other and meet around the water cooler.
other and meet around the water cooler. This is a great place to track what your
This is a great place to track what your
This is a great place to track what your agents are doing. If I need to confirm
agents are doing. If I need to confirm
agents are doing. If I need to confirm my agent's actually doing something at
my agent's actually doing something at
my agent's actually doing something at any given moment, I can come here and
any given moment, I can come here and
any given moment, I can come here and see if they're working on their computer
see if they're working on their computer
see if they're working on their computer and see what they're actually working
and see what they're actually working
and see what they're actually working on, too. Here's an important point I
on, too. Here's an important point I
on, too. Here's an important point I want to make here is when using
want to make here is when using
want to make here is when using OpenClaw, it is critical, critical,
OpenClaw, it is critical, critical,
OpenClaw, it is critical, critical, critical you have fun. There is nothing
critical you have fun. There is nothing
critical you have fun. There is nothing wrong with having fun when you use
wrong with having fun when you use
wrong with having fun when you use OpenClaw. Nothing at all. I like to have
OpenClaw. Nothing at all. I like to have
OpenClaw. Nothing at all. I like to have fun. This is really fun for me. This
fun. This is really fun for me. This
fun. This is really fun for me. This makes me want to come back to my open
makes me want to come back to my open
makes me want to come back to my open claw more and do more work and get more
claw more and do more work and get more
claw more and do more work and get more done just cuz it's a fun thing to do.
done just cuz it's a fun thing to do.
done just cuz it's a fun thing to do. Not everything has to be a boring CLI.
Not everything has to be a boring CLI.
Not everything has to be a boring CLI. It could be an actual fun 2D interface
It could be an actual fun 2D interface
It could be an actual fun 2D interface where you watch agents walk around and
where you watch agents walk around and
where you watch agents walk around and do work. What I would do is I'd go to
do work. What I would do is I'd go to
do work. What I would do is I'd go to your OpenClaw, say, "Hey, I want a
your OpenClaw, say, "Hey, I want a
your OpenClaw, say, "Hey, I want a screen that visualizes all the work
screen that visualizes all the work
screen that visualizes all the work you're doing. I want a 2D pixel art
you're doing. I want a 2D pixel art
you're doing. I want a 2D pixel art office that shows you and all the sub
office that shows you and all the sub
office that shows you and all the sub agents. I want them to have desks and
agents. I want them to have desks and
agents. I want them to have desks and when they are doing work, they go to
when they are doing work, they go to
when they are doing work, they go to their desk and actually do the work." If
their desk and actually do the work." If
their desk and actually do the work." If you put that prompt in, it will build
you put that prompt in, it will build
you put that prompt in, it will build something similar to this. If you want,
something similar to this. If you want,
something similar to this. If you want, you can even pause here and screenshot
you can even pause here and screenshot
you can even pause here and screenshot this. any screen I showed you so far,
this. any screen I showed you so far,
this. any screen I showed you so far, feel free to screenshot it and give it
feel free to screenshot it and give it
feel free to screenshot it and give it to your open claw, and it will build it
to your open claw, and it will build it
to your open claw, and it will build it to look like whatever I built. You can
to look like whatever I built. You can
to look like whatever I built. You can also just take the link for this video,
also just take the link for this video,
also just take the link for this video, too, and give it to your open claw.
too, and give it to your open claw.
too, and give it to your open claw. It'll find the transcript and build out
It'll find the transcript and build out
It'll find the transcript and build out everything I said. That's that's
everything I said. That's that's
everything I said. That's that's probably the easiest way for you to use
probably the easiest way for you to use
probably the easiest way for you to use this video. But here's a really
this video. But here's a really
this video. But here's a really important note I want to make on
important note I want to make on
important note I want to make on everything I showed you so far. I don't
everything I showed you so far. I don't
everything I showed you so far. I don't want you to just straight up copy me.
want you to just straight up copy me.
want you to just straight up copy me. It's not that I care if people copy me.
It's not that I care if people copy me.
It's not that I care if people copy me. You can copy anything I do. I don't
You can copy anything I do. I don't
You can copy anything I do. I don't care. But the reason why I think you
care. But the reason why I think you
care. But the reason why I think you should avoid copying me is because this
should avoid copying me is because this
should avoid copying me is because this is a hyperpersonalized
is a hyperpersonalized
is a hyperpersonalized for you dashboard. The tools should all
for you dashboard. The tools should all
for you dashboard. The tools should all be useful for you. You shouldn't just
be useful for you. You shouldn't just
be useful for you. You shouldn't just take other people's tools, put them in,
take other people's tools, put them in,
take other people's tools, put them in, and then use their workflows. No two
and then use their workflows. No two
and then use their workflows. No two people's workflows are the same. So,
people's workflows are the same. So,
people's workflows are the same. So, it's important you come up with your own
it's important you come up with your own
it's important you come up with your own custom tools. How do you do that? Well,
custom tools. How do you do that? Well,
custom tools. How do you do that? Well, the answer is probably not going to
the answer is probably not going to
the answer is probably not going to surprise you. Reverse prompting. After
surprise you. Reverse prompting. After
surprise you. Reverse prompting. After you build out the initial version of
you build out the initial version of
you build out the initial version of your mission control, you should go in
your mission control, you should go in
your mission control, you should go in and reverse prompt your open claw based
and reverse prompt your open claw based
and reverse prompt your open claw based on what you know about me, what we've
on what you know about me, what we've
on what you know about me, what we've done, our workflows, our mission
done, our workflows, our mission
done, our workflows, our mission statement, our goals. What custom tools
statement, our goals. What custom tools
statement, our goals. What custom tools should we build out in our mission
should we build out in our mission
should we build out in our mission control? What that'll do is cause your
control? What that'll do is cause your
control? What that'll do is cause your open claw to think for a while and come
open claw to think for a while and come
open claw to think for a while and come up with the custom tools you need to
up with the custom tools you need to
up with the custom tools you need to make your workflows easier. This will
make your workflows easier. This will
make your workflows easier. This will build custom tools that are way more
build custom tools that are way more
build custom tools that are way more relevant for whatever you're doing than
relevant for whatever you're doing than
relevant for whatever you're doing than anything I show you. You can copy me. I
anything I show you. You can copy me. I
anything I show you. You can copy me. I don't care. Go ahead, copy whatever you
don't care. Go ahead, copy whatever you
don't care. Go ahead, copy whatever you want. But I think the most important
want. But I think the most important
want. But I think the most important exercise you can do right now is reverse
exercise you can do right now is reverse
exercise you can do right now is reverse prompt and find the tools that are
prompt and find the tools that are
prompt and find the tools that are custom for you. And again, everything
custom for you. And again, everything
custom for you. And again, everything I've talked about in this video, you can
I've talked about in this video, you can
I've talked about in this video, you can just copy and paste the link for this
just copy and paste the link for this
just copy and paste the link for this YouTube say, "Hey, OpenClaw, check this
YouTube say, "Hey, OpenClaw, check this
YouTube say, "Hey, OpenClaw, check this out." And it will actually go and get
out." And it will actually go and get
out." And it will actually go and get the transcript and really build all this
the transcript and really build all this
the transcript and really build all this out for you and say, "Hey, is there
out for you and say, "Hey, is there
out for you and say, "Hey, is there anything in this video we haven't done
anything in this video we haven't done
anything in this video we haven't done yet?" and it will go and do it for you.
yet?" and it will go and do it for you.
yet?" and it will go and do it for you. So, make sure to do that as well. If you
So, make sure to do that as well. If you
So, make sure to do that as well. If you learned anything at all, please leave a
learned anything at all, please leave a
learned anything at all, please leave a like down below, subscribe, turn
like down below, subscribe, turn
like down below, subscribe, turn notifications. Also, I do live boot
notifications. Also, I do live boot
notifications. Also, I do live boot camps every single week in the Vibe
camps every single week in the Vibe
camps every single week in the Vibe Coding Academy. Feel free to join and
Coding Academy. Feel free to join and
Coding Academy. Feel free to join and ask me questions. You can talk to me
ask me questions. You can talk to me
ask me questions. You can talk to me live in there. Link for that down below.
live in there. Link for that down below.
live in there. Link for that down below. Hope you enjoyed this. Way more videos
Hope you enjoyed this. Way more videos
Hope you enjoyed this. Way more videos coming soon, especially when I get back.
coming soon, especially when I get back.
coming soon, especially when I get back. and I'll see you in the next